{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11100\viewh9760\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
David Snowberger, an SDE at Zonar, has been a valuable mentor to me in giving me a clear understanding of the challenges faced by engineers in the real world. Zonar has given him such an incredible opportunity for engineering growth and that personal development is something I am now seeking and am ready for. \
\
One thing that excites me so much about Zonar is that you hire bootcamp grads. I have taken a similar route; where many bootcamps last for 15 weeks, I wanted something more in depth into Python programming so I spent 2019 earning my Certificate in Python Programming from the University of Washington. As this position is seeking a candidate with Python development experience, exposure to SQL and NoSQL databases, and deploying cloud services; It excites me that this position so closely matches the skills that I have taken the time to learn. With that being said, I know that development always requires learning new technologies and I am eager to expand my knowledge and apply it to building products for Zonar. \
\
The mission of Zonar is of great importance. Creating products that make the roads safer and improve the efficiency of driving is a mission that I would be excited to apply my talents to. Thanks for taking the time to consider me as an applicant for this position.\
\
\
}