{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red249\green249\blue249;\red208\green18\blue45;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c98039\c98039\c98039;\cssrgb\c85882\c16471\c22745;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 At Moz we hire people, not robots. What makes you unique?
\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\
\

\fs28 \cf2 What sets me apart from 99.99% of applicants is my ability to solve problems creatively. I spent many years in the field of visual arts and entertainment. As an artist and creator, my experience of bringing ideas to life for leading companies across various industries (Disney, Universal, Microsoft, Google etc.) has taught me how to create stunning results under immense pressure. Through my career shift to Software Engineering I have utilized those skills to absorb information like a sponge and transfer that knowledge into building an array of fully functioning applications and scripts with various programming languages for a variety of purposes. \
\
You said that at Moz you hire people, not robots. The evolution and advancement of my creative work is of high value to me, but that is impossible without the relationships that I place such high value on. My wife, puppy, family and community bring me immense joy and connection. Community is of upmost importance and I look forward to building that within Moz. \
\
\
\
How did you hear about this Job?\
Jessica Mitchell, Senior Social Media Marketing Specialist at Moz\
}