{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12860\viewh10040\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 1 year ago I adopted my puppy Angel from a pet rescue organization that saves dogs from Korea where they are sold to eat or used as chase dogs to train larger attack dogs. Bringing Angel into my life has changed everything. Caring for and coming to love Angel has evolved my level of responsibility and grown my heart in a way I never new possible. I know first hand the benefit both Angel and I have had from each others company and I now champion this symbiotic relationship. \
As I am transitioning into my career as software developer, I am seeking roles that align with my values and passions. The role Kinship is playing in transforming the lives of Pets and their human parents is a mission that I want to get involved with. Our lives truly can benefit from services like the telemedicine at Petstory Platform, DNA panels with Wisdom Panel and activity trackers at Whistle. \
This last week, Kinship posted on LinkedIn about one of your newest hires, Lili Boxer at Wisdom Health. As a colleague of mine, it has been a pleasure to see her land a job with a company that\'92s mission is centered around the well-being of the furry loves of our lives. She has given me such positive praise about her experience working with Wisdom Health that it has inspired me reach out and be a part of this community.\
Thank you for taking the time to hear my story and please keep me in mind when you are in search of another Software Engineer.\
-Chris Gantt}