{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I am a career transitioner. After years of working as a visual artist for movies, television and live performance I developed a passion for software engineering after taking the leap to build software tools for myself to create art. A background in the arts has given me the artistic eye to make a front-end appealing and has given me the quality of resilience and perseverance that is core to my being. I am dedicated to this Full-Stack Engineering and I am ready to take on this role with Airtable.\
\
I found Airtable via KeyValues and their weekly newsletter. Upon reading your profile, and your mission I knew that Airtable and I were a match made in heaven. This statement particularly resonated with me, "We believe that software stands to be the single most impactful way anyone can bring their ideas to life, yet that few people can actually access it as a creative medium. Airtable enables everyone to experience the power of creating, not just using, software.". As a creative, I have come to know first hand how much software is a creative medium and I have been sharing that message ever since I discovered it. I want to not only change people's views of software engineering but enable them to engage with it and that is exactly what Airtable is doing.\
\
Imagine you are shopping online. You put a pair of leggings in your cart but log off before buying them. Later you find yourself surfing the internet and there is an advertisement for leggings, maybe even those exact same leggings that you were looking at earlier, but they're on a different site! This is the work of a cookie. Cookies keep track of pieces of information from your travels around the world wide web.\
\
Thank you for taking the time to read about me. I am excited to go through the hiring process at Airtable, it sounds engaging and human-centric. Looking forward to hearing from you soon. -Chris}